Improve readme (#122)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: README.md

Developing a common ontology for energy system analysis and scenarios.

## Scope of this ontology

> This **domain** ontology is a joint effort to represent the energy-system modelling context based on standard terminologies used by human experts in this field of research. It is designed to improve transparency and facilitate comparability & transferability within the energy system modelling context.

Reviewer: Maybe we should also add 

This ontology makes use of the Basic Formal Ontology (BFO) principles. 

and then add a clickable link to BFO (as below). Then the scope also includes information on the principles right away.

> This **domain** ontology is a joint effort to represent the energy-system modelling context based on standard terminologies used by human experts in this field of research. It is designed to improve transparency and facilitate comparability & transferability within the energy system modelling context.

Author: @stap-m - Now you can click on "Add suggestion to batch" for this one and the next one, then "Commit suggestions (3)" from the last suggestion, this will commit them as one. Or you can commit them individually :)

* [protégé](https://protege.stanford.edu/)

> ## Contributing and developping

Reviewer: It should read 'developing' instead of 'developping'

> Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/wiki) for information about the ontology, its standards and best practise principles on content and BFO classification.

Reviewer: Maybe rewrite a bit to:
Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/wiki) for information about the ontology, its standards, its best practice principles and on BFO classification

Author: @han-f , can I suggest you make the comments as a suggestion directly in the [File changes tab](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/pull/122/files)? You can access it from the "File changes" tab below this PR's title at the top of the page. The procedure is described [here](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request).

In my view this process has three advantages : 
 1. It is faster: if the person agrees with your suggestion they can commit it directly from github

 2. It is easier not to forget a suggestion done that way

 2. It binds the git handles of the two people in a commit, making it more transparent on who's behind a commit (i.e. it gives the person commenting also some credits)

> Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/wiki) for information about the ontology, its standards and best practise principles on content and BFO classification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/wiki) for information about the ontology, its standards, its best practice principles and on BFO classification.
```
